so yesterday the Justice Department as
you probably know charge 50 people with
what is said to be the biggest college
admissions scam of all time thirty-three
wealthy parents of kids are caught up in
what really feels like the sequel to the
fire festival it's strangely satisfying
among the parents charged are actress
Lori Loughlin from Full House and her
husband
Massimo Janu Lee who's the founder of
Massimo the clothing brand they
allegedly got their daughter into USC
through the rowing team even though she
doesn't roll which really screwed up my
college rowing fantasy draft' by the way
my brackets do the other part of the
scam or a parents would hire a ringer
through a middleman to take their kids
SAT test for them and we were able to
get in touch with one of these phony
test takers who did it right here in
California his name's chip Anderson he's
a high school student in Orange County
and he's joining us now let's go to chip
now and what's poppin brah I'm chillin
all Gucci with my squad and study hall
we unseat
Tim Chitwood what grade did you see you
in
don't throw shade on me Thursday Bay I'm
a sophomore skirt Oh you look more like
like a senior citizen actually that's Jo
it's not it's not Jo don't means good
that was not a compliment okay you got
me I'm not really a fifteen-year-old I'm
a grown man with no swag at all ah well
why were you wearing that ridiculous
disguise well how else am I gonna sneak
into a high school to take the SATs
they're expecting a teenager Oh what are
you HEPA tunas habitude in this what is
that something the kids say now no it's
an SAT word Oh dumb dimwit oh okay I see
well don't listen don't you feel bad for
all the students that actually worked
hard to study for their SATs to get into
college feel bad yeah
don't be so extra Jimmy hey I'm making
Bank I'm making money moves like cardi
B's
chip have any celebrities paid you to
take tests for their kids of course
in fact in 20 minutes I have to take an
algebra test for Suri Cruise all really
her dad's given me a jet ski oh it's
little I hope it I hope you're proud of
yourself for what you've done he really
is not come on like you've never paid
someone to be you to cheat on a test no
actually I believe it or not I haven't
well your parents must be broke AF maybe
so maybe that is why I don't know yeah
that's tight
look I got a jet I'm going to play for
tonight with my brownie
hi i'm jimmy kimmel an evil wizard has
trapped me inside this YouTube video
click subscribe to help me escape